---
title: 'RStudio and RMarkdown for Analytic Report'
date: 2018-08-16
excerpt: A easy way to write analytic report using RMarkdown
permalink: /posts/2018/08/blog-post-11/
tags:
  - posts
  - rstudio
  - rmarkdown
---

Overview of Rmarkdown
=====================

R Markdown is a way of writing reports that includes R code and output.

The goal of this document is to explain, with examples, how to use its most essential features. (See rather <http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com>.) for complete overview.

This document look in turn at three aspects of R Markdown:

-   basic formatting
-   include R code and its output
-   include Mathmatical and Statistical expression.

Editing andRendering with Rmarkdown
===================================

-   To write R Markdown, we will need a text editor, a program that read and write plain text files. We will also need R/RStudio, and the package `rmarkdown`.

-   click the button that says "knit".

-   See the `render` command in the package `rmarkdown` to render wwithout RStudio.

### Paragraph Breaks and Forced Line Breaks

-   To insert a break between paragraphs, include a single completely blank line.
-   To force a line break, put *two* blank
-   spaces at the end of a line.

<!-- -->

    To insert a break between paragraphs, include a single completely blank line.

    To force a line break, put _two_ blank  
    spaces at the end of a line.

### Headers

-   The character `#` at the beginning of a line means that the rest of the line is interpreted as a section header.
-   The number of `#`s at the beginning of the line indicates whether it is treated as a section, sub-section, sub-sub-section, etc. of the document.

### Italics, Boldface format

Text to be *italicized* goes inside *a single set of underscores* or *asterisks*. Text to be **boldfaced** goes inside a **double set of underscores** or **asterisks**.

    Text to be _italicized_ goes inside _a single set of underscores_ or *asterisks*.  Text to be **boldfaced** goes inside a __double set of underscores__  or **asterisks**.

### Quotations

Set-off quoted paragraphs are indicated by an initial `>`:

> "An approximate answer to the right problem is worth a good deal more than an exact answer to an approximate problem." -- \[John Tukey\].

    > "An approximate answer to the right problem is worth a good deal more than an exact answer to an approximate problem." -- [John Tukey]. 

